   It all started when our cliche, protagonistic figure,
Bill Brasky, woke up in a swamp. It was the third time it
had happened. Feeling abundantly relieved, Bill Brasky poked a
dangerous oil-soaked rag, thinking it would make her feel better
(but as usual, it did not). Ever so extemperaneously, she realized
that her beloved iPad was missing!  Immediately she called her
overtly elitist, rich friend, Leroy Jenkins. Bill Brasky had known
Leroy Jenkins for (plus or minus) one million years, the majority
of which were enchanting ones.  Leroy Jenkins was unique. He was
attractive though sometimes a little... funny-smelling. Bill
Brasky called him anyway, for the situation was urgent.

   Leroy Jenkins picked up to a very calm Bill Brasky. Leroy
Jenkins calmly assured her that most legless puppies panic before
mating, yet 3-legged wallabies usually explosively yawn *after* 
mating. He had no idea what that meant; he was only concerned with
distracting Bill Brasky.  Why was Leroy Jenkins trying to distract
Bill Brasky?  Because he had snuck out from Bill Brasky's with the
iPad only six days prior.  It was a saucy little iPad... how could
he resist?

   It didn't take long before Bill Brasky got back to the subject
at hand: her iPad. Leroy Jenkins belched. Relunctantly, Leroy
Jenkins invited her over, assuring her they'd find the iPad. Bill
Brasky grabbed her elephant and disembarked immediately. After
hanging up the phone, Leroy Jenkins realized that he was in
trouble. He had to find a place to hide the iPad and he had to do
it recklessly. He figured that if Bill Brasky took the time
machine, he had take at least eight minutes before Bill Brasky
would get there.  But if she took the Segway?  Then Leroy Jenkins
would be abundantly screwed.

   Before he could come up with any reasonable ideas, Leroy Jenkins
was interrupted by six pestering marmots that were lured by his
iPad. Leroy Jenkins cringed; 'Not again', he thought. Feeling
exasperated, he deftly reached for his potato and aimlessly slapped 
every last one of them. Apparently this was an adequate
deterrent--the discouraged critters began to scurry back toward the
magical cornfield, squealing with discontent. He exhaled with
relief.  That's when he heard the Segway rolling up.  It was Bill
Brasky.

----o0o---- 

   As she pulled up, she felt a sense of urgency. She had had to
make an unscheduled stop at Sears to pick up a 12-pack of
wolverines, so she knew she was running late.  With a calculated
leap, Bill Brasky was out of the Segway and went earnestly jaunting
toward Leroy Jenkins's front door.  Meanwhile inside,  Leroy
Jenkins was panicking.  Not thinking, he tossed the iPad into a box
of live hand grenades and then slid the box behind his
hippopotamus. Leroy Jenkins was exasperated but at least the iPad
was concealed.  The doorbell rang.

   'Come in,' Leroy Jenkins scandalously purred.  With a inept
push, Bill Brasky opened the door.  'Sorry for being late, but I
was being chased by some abrasive genocidal maniac in a curb
jumping ghetto sled (Impala),' she lied.  'It's fine,' Leroy
Jenkins assured her. Bill Brasky took a seat ridiculously unclose
to where Leroy Jenkins had hidden the iPad. Leroy Jenkins panicked
trying unsuccessfully to hide his nervousness.  'Uhh, can I get you
anything?' he blurted.  But Bill Brasky was distracted. Ever so
extemperaneously, Leroy Jenkins noticed a oafish look on Bill
Brasky's face. Bill Brasky slowly opened her mouth to speak.

   '...What's that smell?'

   Leroy Jenkins felt a stabbing pain in his shin when Bill Brasky
asked this.  In a moment of disbelief, he realized that he had
hidden the iPad right by his oscillating fan. 'Wh-what?  I don't
smell anything..!'  A lie.  A clueless look started to form on Bill
Brasky's face. She turned to notice a box that seemed clearly out
of place. 'Th-th-those are just my grandma's bananas from when she
used to have pet 3-legged wallabies.  She, uh...dropped 'em by here
earlier'. Bill Brasky nodded with fake acknowledgement...then,
before Leroy Jenkins could react, Bill Brasky skillfully lunged
toward the box and opened it.  The iPad was plainly in view.

   Bill Brasky stared at Leroy Jenkins for what what must've been
ten nanoseconds. As if it really mattered Leroy Jenkins groped
flamboyantly in Bill Brasky's direction, clearly desperate. Bill
Brasky grabbed the iPad and bolted for the door.  It was locked.
Leroy Jenkins let out a electric chuckle. 'If only you hadn't been
so protective of that thing, none of this would have happened, Bill
Brasky,' he rebuked. Leroy Jenkins always had been a little
clueless, so Bill Brasky knew that reconciliation was not an
option; she needed to escape before Leroy Jenkins did something
crazy, like... start chucking gerbils at him or something. Before
anyone could take off their pants, she gripped her iPad tightly and
made a dash toward the window, diving headlong through the glass
panels.

   Leroy Jenkins looked on, blankly. 'What the hell?  That seemed
excessive.  The other door was open, you know.' Silence from Bill
Brasky. 'And to think, I varnished that window frame four days ago...it never ends!' Suddenly he felt a tinge of concern for Bill Brasky. 'Oh.  You ..okay?' Still silence. Leroy Jenkins walked over to the window and looked down. Bill Brasky was gone.

----o0o---- 

   Just yonder, Bill Brasky was struggling to make her way through the secret vineyard behind Leroy Jenkins's place. Bill Brasky had severely hurt her taint during the window incident, and was starting to lose strength.  Another pack of feral marmots suddenly appeared, having caught wind of the iPad.  One by one they latched on to Bill Brasky.  Already weakened from her injury, Bill Brasky yielded to the furry onslaught and collapsed.  The last thing she saw before losing consciousness was a buzzing horde of marmots running off with her iPad.

   But then God came down with His charismatic smile and restored Bill Brasky's iPad. Feeling angered, God smote the marmots for their injustice.  Then He got in His deliciously practical 4-door and blasted away with the fortitude of  2,000 spotted wolf hamsters running from a enormous pack of South American hissing sloths. Bill Brasky flipped with joy when she saw this. Her iPad was safe. It was a good thing, too, because in two minutes her favorite TV show,  Two and a Half Men, was going to come on (followed immediately by 'When disease-carrying chipmunks meet gun'). Bill Brasky was contented. And so, everyone except Leroy Jenkins and a few pipe bomb-toting Indonesian devil cats lived blissfully happy, forever after.


*** L337 Story Generator v1.0
*** Written by Derek Clark.  Copyright Â© www.the-elite.net ~ 2004-present
*** Forever pwning with earnest.